README.md, before:

# <img src="./public/icons/icon128.png" height="22px" style="margin-right: 4px;"> MA Grid

MA Grid is a web extension that displays a GitHub-style activity graph on Math Academy. It also includes some basic settings for placement (main feed or sidebar), an option to hide the existing XP tracker, and a button to clear cache.

This project is still in very early development. If you have any feature ideas or bugs, you're welcome to open an issue.

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ma-grid/dbjdnjifbemgnefeidoeicnjhdlanflh"><img src="https://developer.chrome.com/static/docs/webstore/branding/image/iNEddTyWiMfLSwFD6qGq.png" height="50px"></a>
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ma-grid/"><img src="https://extensionworkshop.com/assets/img/documentation/publish/get-the-addon-178x60px.dad84b42.png" height="50px"></a>

For Safari, please see the [Safari Installation](#safari-installation) section below.

# Screenshots

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="./assets/screenshot_1.png" alt="Screenshot 1"></td>
    <td><img src="./assets/screenshot_2.png" alt="Screenshot 2"></td>
  </tr>
</table>

# Safari Installation

For Safari, you can install MA Grid as a userscript. This should work on iOS, iPadOS, and macOS.

1. Install [Userscripts](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/userscripts/id1463298887) from the App Store

2. Install the userscript:
   - Navigate to https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thaske/ma-grid/refs/heads/master/dist/ma-grid.user.js
   - Click the Userscripts extension popup and select **Userscript Detected: Click to install**
   - In the installation dialog, review the script details and click **Install** to confirm

   <img src="./assets/userscripts_1.png" alt="Userscripts installation step 1">
   <img src="./assets/userscripts_2.png" alt="Userscripts installation step 2">

# Development

If you want to contribute, here's how you can get started.

```sh
bun i     # install packages
bun wxt   # launch wxt, opens chrome with extension loaded
```

From there, you can login and navigate to the dashboard to view the graph.

Commit message:

Refactor storage architecture and switch to GitHub Releases
Major improvements to code quality and distribution:

Storage Architecture:
- Remove global namespace pollution (globalThis.storage)
- Create proper storage abstraction in shared/storage.ts
- Support both WXT extension and userscript contexts
- Add GM API availability check with clear error messages

Code Quality Fixes:
- Fix memory leak in SettingsModal keydown event listener
- Remove hard-coded repository URLs, use package.json
- Clean up all unnecessary comments

Distribution:
- Switch from git-committed dist/ to GitHub Releases
- Add dist/ to .gitignore for cleaner git history
- Update workflow to trigger on version tags (v*.*.*)
- Update URLs to point to /releases/latest/download/
- Simplify pre-commit hook to only format code

This eliminates merge conflicts, reduces git bloat, and provides
a more professional release workflow with semantic versioning.

README.md, after:

# <img src="./public/icons/icon128.png" height="22px" style="margin-right: 4px;"> MA Grid

MA Grid is a web extension that displays a GitHub-style activity graph on Math Academy. It also includes some basic settings for placement (main feed or sidebar), an option to hide the existing XP tracker, and a button to clear cache.

This project is still in very early development. If you have any feature ideas or bugs, you're welcome to open an issue.

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ma-grid/dbjdnjifbemgnefeidoeicnjhdlanflh"><img src="https://developer.chrome.com/static/docs/webstore/branding/image/iNEddTyWiMfLSwFD6qGq.png" height="50px"></a>
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ma-grid/"><img src="https://extensionworkshop.com/assets/img/documentation/publish/get-the-addon-178x60px.dad84b42.png" height="50px"></a>

For Safari, please see the [Safari Installation](#safari-installation) section below.

# Screenshots

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="./assets/screenshot_1.png" alt="Screenshot 1"></td>
    <td><img src="./assets/screenshot_2.png" alt="Screenshot 2"></td>
  </tr>
</table>

# Safari Installation

For Safari, you can install MA Grid as a userscript. This should work on iOS, iPadOS, and macOS.

1. Install [Userscripts](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/userscripts/id1463298887) from the App Store

2. Install the userscript:
   - Navigate to the [latest release](https://github.com/thaske/ma-grid/releases/latest) and click on **ma-grid.user.js**
   - Your userscript manager should detect the script and prompt you to install
   - Review the script details and click **Install** to confirm

   Alternatively, you can use this direct link: [Install ma-grid.user.js](https://github.com/thaske/ma-grid/releases/latest/download/ma-grid.user.js)

   <img src="./assets/userscripts_1.png" alt="Userscripts installation step 1">
   <img src="./assets/userscripts_2.png" alt="Userscripts installation step 2">

# Development

If you want to contribute, here's how you can get started.

```sh
bun i     # install packages
bun wxt   # launch wxt, opens chrome with extension loaded
```

From there, you can login and navigate to the dashboard to view the graph.
